OSDOCS-5662: add prereq for VG capacity (#58263)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rpm-before.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-install-rpm-before_{context}"]
= Before installing {product-title} from an RPM package

> {product-title} uses the logical volume manager storage (LVMS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) provider for storing persistent volumes (PVs). LVMS relies on Linux's logical volume manager (LVM) to dynamically manage the backing storage for PVs. For this reason, your machine must have an LVM volume group (VG) with unused space in which LVMS can create the LVs for your workload's PVs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} uses the logical volume manager storage (LVMS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) plugin for providing storage to persistent volumes (PVs). LVMS relies on Linux's logical volume manager (LVM) to dynamically manage the backing logical volumes for PVs. For this reason, your machine must have an LVM volume group (VG) with unused space in which LVMS can create the LVs for your workload's PVs.
```

> To configure a volume group (VG) that allows LVMS to create the LVs for your workload's PVs, adjust your root volume's size during the installation of {op-system}. Adjusting your root volume's size provides free space for additional LVs created by LVMS at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a volume group (VG) that allows LVMS to create the LVs for your workload's PVs, lower your root volume's *Desired Size* during the installation of {op-system}. Lowering your root volume's size allows unallocated space on the disk for additional LVs created by LVMS at runtime.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-before-install-rpm-preparing_{context}"]
= Before installing {product-title} from an RPM package

{product-title} uses the logical volume manager storage (LVMS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) provider for storing persistent volumes (PVs). LVMS relies on Linux's logical volume manager (LVM) to dynamically manage the backing storage for PVs. For this reason, your machine must have an LVM volume group (VG) with unused space in which LVMS can create the LVs for your workload's PVs.

To configure a volume group (VG) that allows LVMS to create the LVs for your workload's PVs, adjust your root volume's size during the installation of {op-system}. Adjusting your root volume's size provides free space for additional LVs created by LVMS at runtime.

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Author: @dhellmann Is that true for 4.12 and 4.13, both?

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Reviewer 2: Those new rules apply to 4.13 and later. We're not making changes to 4.12.

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Author: @dhellmann This language all exists in both versions with the exception of:
 
"The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation." 

That's all this PR really adds as far as content. We're not saying has to change the name, just that they can. That's what the bug was filed to add. Do we want to add the sentences, or close the bug as Won't Do?

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Reviewer 2: The default is to use the volume group present on the system, regardless of its name, so they don't need to worry about renaming. In the unlikely event that they have multiple volume groups, it chooses the one called "microshift" instead of "rhel" now, so that comment about "rhel" being the default is no longer accurate.

I think I would just delete line 13.

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Author: @dhellmann As discussed, are we good for this PR for 4.12 only? If so, please lgtm.

> The default name of the VG is `rhel`. You can change the VG name during your {op-system} configuration and use it during your installation.

Author: @dhellmann Deleted. Is this PR for 4.13 lgtm?
